Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Are we there yet?
Not yet.
Almost.
I'm not having this
conversation.
Theo's in the car.
You need to come back.
- No.
- Allison.
you have to come back.
I'm not coming back.
We're never coming back.
Stop.
Allison. come back now for
Theo's sake.
For Theo's sake?
I'm protecting him.
Protecting him?
Allison. you can't even take
care of him.
You can barely take care of
yourself.
Fuck you.
Allison. you're not doing well.
Let me help you.
I'm fine.
Theo's fine.
We're fine.
You know you
shouldn't be doing this.
Tell me where you are.
For the last time. leave us
alone.
Are we there yet?
You can do this. Allison.
You can do this.
Hello?
Wait here.
Hi.
You must be Allison key.
I'm George.
Nice to meet you.
Hi.
Yes.
And this is Theo.
Oh.
Do you like candy. hm?
Here you go.
Oh. no?
I thought we could be friends.
I'm sorry.
He can be shy around new people.
Ah. that's all right.
Come on.
I'll give you the 10 cent tour.
Theo.
Come on.
Oh.
Right down here is the basement.
It's great for storage.
And I bet you could make an
amazing fort right down there.
And moving on.
The living room.
Oh. you were so desperate to
move in
that the cleaning crew hasn't
been in yet.
Or ever.
Dining room.
And. well. this.
And this is my favorite
room in the entire house.
Now. I'm sure that you can
agree that with a kitchen
like this. that this will
be the heart of your home.
And your son and yourself
will have many fond memories.
There's a problem with the
stove.
and I'll have a handyman come
have a look.
And he'll spray for bugs too.
right?
I'll look into it.
Well. I'm sure you wanna get
settled. so I'll be going.
Oh.
Allison key. you're gonna need
this.
Aw. sweetie.
I know this place can be
overwhelming.
but give it a few days.
You're gonna feel much better.
Mommy.
Theo?
Isn't this funny?
Yes. this is funny.
There you go. my lady.
Thank you. my lord.
You're welcome. your highness.
Are you okay. mommy?
I just need some air.
I'll go get the bags. then
I'll make dinner. sport.
Hello?
Okay. time for bed.
But it's only eight o'clock.
But it's late enough.
But I want to explore.
And you can explore more
tomorrow.
Please?
No.
Come on.
There we go.
There you go. buddy. just
as snug as a bug in a rug.
Are bugs actually snug in rugs?
That is a great question.
I don't know.
It's just a saying.
All right. lights out. slugger.
Can you please check my room?
Of course.
Where should I begin?
Check under the bed.
Under the bed.
No monsters here. I am happy to
report.
Check behind the curtains.
- The curtains?
- Yes.
No monsters there either.
Check the closet.
The closet. that's a good
place for a monster to hide.
Well. monsters would get stuck
in there.
I dutifully report no monsters.
No monster. just a bottle.
It can't hurt you.
The only monster here is a
tickle monster.
Stop.
All right.
- Ready for lights out?
- Yes.
All right.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
Hey. buddy.
I know it's late. but we gotta
go get mom.
Again?
Yeah. I know.
But it'll be short this time.
and you'll be back in your bed
in no time.
I got something that'll cheer
you up.
I got this on our last trip to
Rochester.
You know I love you. right?
I'll always be there for you.
Even if I can't. this guy will.
okay?
All right. let's go get mom now.
It's always someone else's
fault.
I don't wanna have this fight
again.
I'm tired of having the
same conversation with you.
They aren't your friends.
The school called.
I'm tired of having the
same conversation with you.
You're a mean. aren't your
friends.
The school called.
It's always someone else's fault
with you.
- You're a mean... mommy!
Mommy!
Mommy. mommy. mommy. mommy!
Mommy. mommy. mommy!
What happened?
I had a nightmare.
I'm sorry.
That must've been awful.
It was.
Do you wanna talk about it?
We were in the car. not
this one. the old one.
He was there.
He was mad.
Then. he was gone.
Then. I woke up.
It was just a dream. I promise.
It was so real.
You want me to sleep with you
tonight?
Okay.
Come here.
Hey.
We need to talk.
You need to come back.
No.
Leave us alone.
Allison. you cannot outrun this.
Come home.
I'm never coming back.
Tell me where you are.
Never.
Allison. I care about you.
I'll come get you.
I'll bring you back.
Leave me alone.
Morning. sunshine.
Good morning.
Mommy. I don't understand this.
Let me see.
Hoo. well. that's a tough one.
I don't get it.
He's huge.
Why does he not run?
When elephants are small.
they put a big chain around
their foot.
and it's stuck in a stake in the
ground.
and try as they might. and
they do 'cause they're young
and strong. they're just
not big enough to break it.
So. by the time they're that
big.
it doesn't matter if it's
just a little piece of rope.
they just don't try to get away
anymore.
His spirit's broken.
He just doesn't have a
reason to fight anymore.
Poor elephant. he's trapped
forever.
What do you say we go explore?
Yes.
Ready or not. here I come.
Where could he be?
Got you.
Your turn to count. okay?
No peeking.
Meow.
Did you really just put that
there?
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
Six.
Seven.
Eight.
Nine.
10.
Here I come.
There you are.
I got you now.
I'll get you next time.
Will you do me a favor and wait
in the dining room while I check
the door?
Thank you.
Just a minute.
Who is it?
Ma'am. my name is Jack Turner.
I'm the handyman.
Your landlord sent me.
What are you here for?
George said something
about your heat not working.
and that you got bugs.
Hi.
- Good morning. ma'am.
- Come on in.
I'm Jack.
Allison.
And please don't call me ma'am.
No problem.
Oh. shit. I am sorry.
I'll help you clean up the
broken glass.
That must've been here from
before.
Here. I'll take that.
George said you needed the place
quickly.
but he's usually pretty good
about keeping it in order.
Really?
Yeah. the last tenants just up
and left
in the middle of the night.
It's a pretty sad story all
around.
What happened?
A man moved in here
with his little girl.
I think he was a scientist or
something.
But he was pretty much out of
it by the time he moved in.
His little girl was
diagnosed with brain cancer.
Ugh. that's horrible.
Yeah. I mean. this man
tried everything to cure her.
He moved here for the children's
hospital down the road.
He tried everything. and nothing
worked.
God. what do you think happened?
George said something
about them moving to Mexico
as a last-ditch effort.
Something about scorpion
venom curing cancer?
Scorpion venom?
Yeah. I don't know.
I met him a couple
times. but the last times
that he was here. that's
all he talked about.
I think he just kinda
started losing his mind
as his daughter got sicker and
sicker.
Here. let's get rid of this.
and we'll get the rest in a
minute.
Well. I hope they're doing okay.
I really do.
Yeah. I do too.
Well. look who decided to join
us.
Who are you?
Theo. this is...
Jack.
It's nice to meet you.
Say hello.
I'm sorry.
He can be so shy.
It's okay.
I was a shy kid too.
That must've been here.
Right. must've been.
When is the cleaning crew
coming?
They should be here tomorrow.
Not fast enough.
What do you say we start
with the bugs. huh?
I hate bugs.
Yes. ma'am.
Um. not ma'am.
Please call me Allison.
So. there's a small crack
right there.
I'll spray it and then patch it
up.
Looks big enough for a
cockroach.
So. how old was the girl?
The sick girl?
Probably a little bit older than
your son.
I can't imagine what that
poor father was going through.
It looks like they burrowed
through the baseboard.
So. timeline on fixing that?
It should be done tomorrow.
Let me out. let me out.
- Theo?
- Mommy. mommy. help.
Help. help. help. help.
Theo?
- Theo?
- Help.
I'm coming. hang on.
Help
- ma'am.
- Allison.
- I'm right here.
- Help.
Hang on. Theo.
- Help. help.
- Theo. I'm right here.
Hang in there.
You're okay.
You're okay now.
I know.
Don't go down there.
It's okay. buddy.
I'm just gonna go take a look.
There's something down there.
You have a fierce grip.
I'm just gonna take a look.
Please don't.
I heard something.
It's an old house.
It's probably just settling.
Something was moving.
It was probably just a bug.
It was bigger than a bug.
It was probably a really big
bug.
Come on.
Theo.
I'll make cocoa.
Come on. I'll make you some
cocoa.
I wanted marshmallows.
Are you all right?
It was just a rat.
Don't worry. I'll take care of
it.
I have to get a cage.
Spaghetti or soup?
Neither.
What is this?
That's not right.
It looks more like that.
But what is it?
That's the thing in the
basement.
No.
Jack said it's just a rat in the
basement.
These don't look rats.
It's way bigger than a rat.
So. it's not a rat.
Maybe with a little imagination.
that's what a rat could look
like.
but this is far scarier than
just a rat in the basement.
I know what I saw.
Help!
Mommy. mommy. mommy. mommy!
Mommy. mommy. mommy!
Help!
Mommy. mommy. mommy. mommy!
What happened?
The monster was here.
There's a monster?
Oh my god. what happened?
The monster was here.
Come on.
We gotta get you cleaned up.
Theo.
Theo. please let me in.
You never protect me.
I'll protect myself.
Please.
No.
Fine.
Then. I'll sleep right here.
Hey. come sit here. sweetie.
I want to go home.
We are home.
I don't like it here.
Well. you're just gonna
have to get used to it.
I want to leave.
We can't leave.
Where would we go anyway?
We don't have anywhere to go.
What about grandma's?
We can't go to grandma's.
Why?
Because it's complicated.
I hate this place.
That's a pretty big cage.
It's a pretty big rat.
Hoo. uh. well. good luck.
We're gonna head out for a bit.
If you can just lock up
when you leave. please.
Will do.
Hey. Theo?
Come on. Theo.
No.
Come on.
We'll go to the park.
Leave me alone.
It'll be fun.
We'll get ice cream.
We're going in the car again?
What is that?
What the fuck?
Allison?
Allison key?
Kyra.
Nurse Kyra.
How you doing?
I'm fine. thanks.
Wow. Theo is really looking
good.
He's really grown.
Did you ever get in contact
with that person I recommended?
I mean. it's just what
you've been through. it's...
I'm fine.
We're fine.
Thank you.
Theo?
Allison. it wasn't your fault.
Leave us alone.
Theo.
Let's go home. buddy.
I still don't know why we had
to leave.
We discussed this in the car.
It's because you wanted to
leave.
You only think about yourself.
Don't point.
And that is not true.
Then tell me who the woman was.
It was a long time ago.
It doesn't matter.
Who is she?
Jack?
Hello?
Jack.
You can do this.
Jack?
Hello?
Jack.
Hi. Eleanor.
I didn't know if you'd pick up.
Wasn't sure I could.
How's Theo?
He's fine.
Where are you?
You know I can't tell you that.
Allison. you need to come back.
You need to bring Theo back.
We're not coming back.
Allison. I have rights.
I don't care what the court
said.
He's my son.
I just wanna see my grandson.
This was a mistake.
I'm sorry.
Allison. wait.
It wasn't my fault.
Pull over.
I feel sick.
And you're the embarrassing one
taking me away from my friends.
Allison. your drunk
coworkers aren't your friends.
Least I have friends.
You're a mean drunk.
And keep it down.
Theo's asleep.
You just never wanna talk
about anything important.
Important?
Allison. I'm sick of having
the same conversation
with you over and over.
Oh. and by the way. you
wanna talk about important?
You wanna talk about important?
Your boss called today.
You wanna guess what
important thing he had to say?
They're gonna fire you.
The school called today also.
You forgot to pick Theo up.
And let's talk about
another important thing.
You need to go to rehab again.
Fuck you.
Is this the mother you wanted
to be?
No.
Daddy?
I don't wanna
have this fight again.
Theo. keep it down. Theo.
The school called.
Mommy. mommy. mommy. mommy!
Nine. nine.
No.
911.
This is 911.
What's your emergency?
There is a monster in the room.
and I don't know where my mom
is.
What's the address?
I don't know.
It's a scary green house.
If you don't know the address.
I'm tracking the GPS.
I'm scared.
Find a safe place to hide
until the police arrive.
Got it.
Stay on the line.
Go away.
I'm tired.
Police.
Ma'am. we've received a 911
call from this residence
indicating that someone
might be in trouble.
Ma'am. are you the
only one in the house?
Yes.
No.
My son is here.
Where is he?
Upstairs.
Ma'am. the call we received
indicated
that there may be an
intruder in the house.
I haven't heard anyone.
Ma'am. we received a call
from a scared little boy.
I'm gonna have to ask you some
questions.
Okay.
Do you mind if I look around?
Come on in.
Wait there.
I'm gonna go check it out.
Hi. sweetie.
I'm officer stryker.
Are you okay?
Hey.
Oh. good.
Oh. you scared me.
What's your name?
Theo.
Theo. that's a cool name.
Theo. who's this?
Bunny.
Bunny. nice to meet you. bunny
and Theo.
Are you okay?
You promise?
Are you really okay?
Is somebody hurting you?
The monster.
The monster?
Where's the monster?
In this house.
What does the monster look
like. Theo?
A spider.
Like a spider?
Theo. can you look at me for a
second?
Like this. like a spider?
Can you describe what
the spider looks like?
Bigger.
Bigger?
Theo. I've been where you are.
When I was your age. everything
was so big and scary.
But guess what. I grew up. I got
bigger.
and I got stronger. and
I know you will too.
If you ever get scared
and you need anything.
you call me and I'll be right
there.
Okay. I'm gonna go talk
to your mom in private.
I'm gonna be right around the
corner.
Are you okay here?
Look at me. Theo.
You gonna be okay here?
Promise?
Okay.
You are such a brave boy.
You and bunny.
So brave.
Bye. Theo.
Bye. bunny.
I'll be right around the
corner if you need me.
Estes. I found the kid.
He's safe downstairs.
I'll be damned.
Ma'am. how much have
you had to drink tonight?
I've had a couple drinks.
In my own house.
It seems like you've had quite
a few.
Everything's fine upstairs.
I think I might've figured out
who the possible intruder might
be.
When I was looking around.
I saw the trashcan had
been rummaged through.
A raccoon may have possibly
come in through the window
and was looking around for food.
Sounds like a false alarm.
Yes. it does.
Ma'am. I suggest you
be a little more careful
around those open windows.
Thank you. sir.
I will.
Ma'am. I suggest you don't
consume so much alcohol
when you have a minor around.
Thank you. ma'am. I
will take that to heart.
Ma'am. here's our information
if you have any further
questions.
Thank you. officer.
Hi. George.
It's Allison key.
I've been trying to get a hold
of Jack.
He came by yesterday and
started fixing some things
and left his toolbox
here. and I was hoping
he could finish spraying for
bugs.
So. if you could give me a call
when you get a hold of
him. I'd be super grateful.
Thank you.
Hope you're having a good day.
Theo. are you okay?
Why is the door locked?
I'm just reading comic books.
Okay. well. I'm gonna
go fix some things.
Okay. I'm gonna get
back to my comic book.
Speed tick's in danger.
Well. I'm sure he'll think his
way
out of whatever trouble
he's gotten himself into.
I think he will.
I think he has a plan for the
bad guy.
Hey. sport. you know I love
you more than anything. right?
I know.
This is the end of you now.
I know they put a flashlight
in here.
Don't you judge me.
Jack. is that you?
Holy smokes.
What is all this stuff?
It kind of looks like a lab.
Ugh.
Men never clean up after
themselves.
Ugh.
That cheap bastard has watered
it down.
Theo. is that you?
Fucking raccoon.
George.
This is the second time I've
called.
I haven't heard from you or from
Jack.
You can't water down bug spray
and expect it to work.
you cheap ass bastard.
You thought I wouldn't notice.
I am very aware.
I need you to send Jack here
today.
Thank you.
So. who are you. Mr. Scientist?
Lizzie's getting worse.
Her headaches are nonstop.
My fear is that the cancer is
spreading
more rapidly than originally
diagnosed.
My last mixture did not
slow down the cancer.
but I am positive I found the
cure.
The scorpion venom was
not powerful enough.
The scorpion needed to
be genetically crossbred
with another creature's
venom to be more powerful.
I've also added growth hormones
to speed up the production of
the venom.
My research into the DNA
of the chimera indicates
that this unique cross
of a spider and scorpion
should produce a proper type of
venom.
I think I've finally succeeded.
I'm confident this will cure
Lizzie.
Daddy?
Just one second. honey.
I don't feel very well.
It's gonna be okay.
I've found the cure.
No more shots. daddy.
It's time.
No.
We're gonna fight.
Lizzie?
Lizzie.
Lizzie. please. wake up.
Please. no.
Lizzie. wake up.
Lizzie. come on.
Come on. baby.
Come on. baby. come on.
One. two. three. four. five.
six.
Come on. baby.
One. two. three. four. five.
six.
Come on.
Come on. come on. come on. come
on.
Come on. baby.
Come on.
Wake up.
Lizzie. wake up.
Come on. Lizzie.
There we go.
Lizzie. good job.
Why?
No. Lizzie. please.
Wake up.
Wake up. please.
Wake up. please. Lizzie.
Come on.
Wake up.
No.
No. no. no. no.
We'll meet again little one.
We'll meet again.
Oh. what happened to this
little girl?
Theo?
Theo.
Oh my god.
What's happened?
911. what's your emergency?
My son is missing.
How long has he been missing?
I don't know.
Ma'am. how old is your son?
I'm sorry.
What's your address?
Hello?
Ma'am. stay on the line.
Theo!
Police. we're coming in.
Ma'am. we're responding to a 911
call.
Do you understand?
Yes. finally.
Where's your son?
I don't know.
That's why I called you.
When was the last time you saw
your son?
I can't remember.
Could he be at a friend's
house. a neighbor's house?
We just moved here.
No. we don't know anyone.
Has anybody been to the house
since the last time you saw your
son?
No.
The only people that know we're
here
are the landlord and the
handyman.
Could they have kidnapped my
son?
I'll go up and take a look
around.
Ma'am. how much have you
had to drink this time?
It's none of your business.
Oh. actually. it is my business.
Fuck you.
You are under arrest.
Ms. Key. you have the
right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and
will be used against you
in a court of law.
You have the right to an
attorney.
If you cannot afford an
one will be appointed to you.
Where are you. kid?
I'm sorry.
I never meant for any of this to
happen.
Alcoholics never do.
Please find my son.
He's all I have left.
We will do everything in
our power to find your son.
And. when we do. I will
do everything in my power
to protect him from you.
What if he's right?
What if there's a monster?
Look at yourself.
The only monster here is you.
You sit there and sober up.
Estes. are you okay?
Officer down.
I repeat. officer down.
Send backup immediately.
Estes. who did this?
Find the boy and get the fuck
out now.
Estes. you stay with me.
Estes.
Estes. who did this?
Stay with me. estes.
Estes.
I gotta get outta here.
I gotta get you outta here.
Help
come on. I gotta get you outta
here.
Not without my son.
Theo?
Oh my god. Jack.
Help. I'm trapped.
I'm stuck in the web.
I'll get you out.
Ow.
You can't.
Yes. we can.
Remember the elephant?
Yeah.
The elephant didn't get free
because it didn't think it
could.
We will be free.
Move slowly.
It's part spider.
It senses your movement.
Sh.
Hide.
I'll protect you.
I'll lure it away from you.
I'm here.
Come and get me. you son of a
bitch.
Theo.
Theo?
Come on. come on.
Come on.
Bunny.
Wait.
It doesn't want to leave its
nest.
Theo. get back.
I told you I would protect you.
Come on.
Hey.
How are you?
Good. thanks.
Congratulations on 180 days.
Thank you.
I would not be here without you.
You know that.
You did all the hard work.
Well. without your persistence.
I wouldn't have started it.
I'm there for you.
I know.
How's Theo doing?
All right. thanks.
Two nightmares this week.
but just is what it is.
Okay. well. he's a tough kid.
- I'm sure he'll get past this.
- Yeah.
It's just day by day. you know?
- All of it.
- Yeah.
We're all day-to-day.
So. hey. let's get inside.
I know you got a speech to give.
180 days. that's something to be
proud of.
Really. thank you.
Oh. please don't thank me.
It was all you.
You did the hard work.
Come on. let's go.
I forgot the masks.
Masks?
We don't need no stinking masks.
Besides. this stuff is organic.
This is basically useless.
Yeah. but we get to
charge three times more.
This place reminds me of my
childhood.
You make this stuff yourself?
Some of it.
You know. glad fire
got here when they did.
otherwise this place would've
gone up.
You ever smelled one?
It'd be a lot easier to torch
this place than to clean it.
What the fuck is that?
Oh my god.
- Oh.
- Oh no.
It's just the doorway.
I thought it was a jackalope.
Smells like a jackalope down
here.
I smelled a dead one.
I have not smelled a live
jackalope.
No. oddly enough. the live
one's worse than the dead one.
They're worse?
- They get better... go figure.
- With death?
- Yeah.
I'm sure I tasted a lot.
I think that's all of them.
Should I spray in the vents?
Nah. I don't think so.
That seems like a lot of work.
I feel like we've wrapped this
up.
Yeah.
But are they gonna.
should we stay down here.
or do we get paid by the hour?
Well. we could take a long
time to take this backpack off.
We should dump some of this out.
looks like where we sprayed.
Get something to eat?
- I am very hungry.
- Garbage plates?
Is there a jackalope
restaurant around here?
Put that on the garbage plate.
Race you to the Van.
All right. I'll give you a
headstart.
- Oh. fuck.
- Oh. mother of...
That must be one fucking spider.
What is it. it's like a ride
share here?
It's huge.
Looks like a bounce house.
You know what. this is so effed
up.
We're here to kill bugs.
not to clean up after them.
I'm out.
Where are you?
Hm?
I see the baby.
Oh. look at that little baby.
Come on.
Look at your treat.
Oh. look at that good baby.
Come on.
That's a good boy.
Yes.
Look at that.
I know.
Those mean old people. they hurt
mommy.
But you know what?
Daddy's here.
And no one is ever gonna hurt
you again.
That's a good baby.
Come on.
Let's go some place safe.
Some place where you can
grow and grow and grow.